Add note about which attributes support guard notation in typespecs (#11518)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/typespecs.md

    @spec function(arg) :: [arg] when arg: var

> It is worth nothing that this guard notation will only work when specifiying functions such
> as with attribtues `@spec`, `@callback` and `@macrocallback`. Such notation is not supported
> when specifying types such as with attributes `@type`, `@typep`, and `@opaque`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guard notation only works with `@spec`, `@callback`, and `@macrocallback`.
```
